
''')

for question in questions:
    question.add_hint(text='The task `pull` requires the robot to pull the object to the target location. To pull the object to the target location reliably, the robot should perform the following steps:  \n  - When the robot\'s gripper is not above object, the robot should put the gripper above object.  \n  - When the robot\'s gripper is not near object and the robot\'s gripper is not above object, the robot should push the gripper into the object.  \n  - When the robot\'s gripper is near the object, the robot should pull the object to the goal. ')
    question.add_hint(text='The task `slide-window-open` requires the robot to push the window open to the left. To push the window open to the left reliably, the robot should perform the following steps:  \n  - When the robot\'s gripper is not vertically aligned with the window handle and the robot\'s gripper is below the window handle, the robot should move gripper to right of window handle.  \n  - When the robot\'s gripper is near the window handle, the robot should slide window left.  \n  - When the robot\'s gripper is in front of the window handle, the robot should push window left harder. ')
    question.add_hint(text='The task `press-button-side` requires the robot to push the button to the right from the left. To push the button to the right from the left reliably, the robot should perform the following steps:  \n  - When the robot\'s gripper is not near button, the robot should move gripper to left of button.  \n  - When the robot\'s gripper is near the button, the robot should push button right. ')
    question.add_hint(text='The task `lever-push` requires the robot to rotate the lever down. To rotate the lever down reliably, the robot should perform the following steps:  \n  - When the robot\'s gripper is not above lever, the robot should put the gripper above the lever.  \n  - When the robot\'s gripper is above lever, the robot should push the lever down. ')
    question.add_hint(text='The task `insert-peg-side` requires the robot to grab the peg and insert it into the hole from the side. To grab the peg and insert it into the hole from the side reliably, the robot should perform the following steps:  \n  - When the robot\'s gripper is