

The task `plug-pull` requires the robot to unplug the plug.
To unplug the plug reliably, what steps the robot should perform?

The task `plug-insert` requires the robot to plug the plug in.
To plug the plug in reliably, what steps the robot should perform?

The task `button-press` requires the robot to push the button.
To push the button reliably, what steps the robot should perform?

The task `switch-press` requires the robot to press the switch.
To press the switch reliably, what steps the robot should perform?

The task `faucet-turn` requires the robot to turn the faucet to the side.
To turn the faucet to the side reliably, what steps the robot should perform?

The task `faucet-open` requires the robot to twist the faucet open.
To twist the faucet open reliably, what steps the robot should perform?

The task `faucet-close` requires the robot to twist the faucet close.
To twist the faucet close reliably, what steps the robot should perform?

"""
[eod] [code]'''OpenGL extension EXT.vertex_attrib_64bit

Automatically generated by the get_gl_extensions script, do not edit!
'''
from OpenGL import platform, constants, constant, arrays
from OpenGL import extensions
from OpenGL.GL import glget
import ctypes
EXTENSION_NAME = 'GL_EXT_vertex_attrib_64bit'
_DEPRECATED = False
GL_DOUBLE_VEC2_EXT = constant.Constant( 'GL_DOUBLE_VEC2_EXT', 0x8FFC, 0 )
GL_DOUBLE_VEC3_EXT = constant.Constant( 'GL_DOUBLE_VEC3_EXT', 0x8FFD, 0 )
GL_DOUBLE_VEC4_EXT = constant.Constant( 'GL_DOUBLE_VEC4_EXT', 0x8FFE, 0 )
GL_DOUBLE_MAT2_EXT = constant.Constant( 'GL_DOUBLE_MAT2_EXT', 0x8F46, 0 )
GL_DOUBLE_MAT3_EXT = constant.Constant( 'GL_DOUBLE_MAT3_EXT', 0x8F47, 0 )
GL_DOUBLE_MAT4_EXT = constant.Constant( 'GL_DOUBLE_MAT4_EXT', 0x8F48, 0 )
GL_DOUBLE_MAT2x3_EXT = constant.Constant( 'GL_DOUBLE_MAT2x3_EXT', 0x8F49, 0 )
GL_DOUBLE_MAT2x4_EXT = constant.