

The task `pick-place-with-obstacle` requires the robot to pick up the puck and hold it at the target location, while avoiding moving over the obstacle.
To pick up the puck and hold it at the target location, while avoiding moving over the obstacle reliably, what steps the robot should perform?

The task `pick-place-in-clutter` requires the robot to pick up the puck and hold it at the target location, avoiding colliding with the clutter.
To pick up the puck and hold it at the target location, avoiding colliding with the clutter reliably, what steps the robot should perform?

The task `pick-two-obj` requires the robot to pick up the two pucks and hold it at the target location.
To pick up the two pucks and hold it at the target location reliably, what steps the robot should perform?

The task `stack-two-obj` requires the robot to stack the two pucks.
To stack the two pucks reliably, what steps the robot should perform?
"""[eod] [code]from odoo import models, fields, api

class ProductAttribute(models.Model):
    _name = 'product.attribute'
    _description = 'Product Attribute'
    _order = 'id'

    name = fields.Char('Name')
    value_ids = fields.One2many('product.attribute.value', 'attribute_id')
    product_id = fields.Many2one('product.template', string='Product')

class ProductAttributeValue(models.Model):
    _name = 'product.attribute.value'
    _description = 'Product Attribute Value'
    _order = 'sequence'

    name = fields.Char('Value')
    attribute_id = fields.Many2one('product.attribute', ondelete='cascade', string='Attribute')
    sequence = fields.Integer('Sequence')[eod] [code]"""
ASGI config for django_test_api project.

It exposes the ASGI callable as a module-level variable named ``application``.

For more information on this file, see
https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.0/howto/deployment/asgi/
"""

import os

from django.core.asgi import get_asgi_application

os.environ.setdefault('DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE', 'django_test_api.settings')

application = get_asgi_application()
[eod] [code]# Generated by Django 3.0.7 on 2020-06-10 19:10

from django.