

This will automatically be run on a test simulator.
Your goal is to find a series of instructions that will pass all of the tests.
You will probably need to edit this many times as you develop your program.
"""

# This file was *autogenerated* from the file tasks.html.
# Modify that file, not this one!

# This is a test environment.
# We will use it to check that your program works.
def check(description, objects={}):
    if not description in objects:
        return False
    object = objects[description]
    if not hasattr(object, "visible"):
        return False
    return object.visible

# The environment in which the robot will operate.
robot = {
}


#drawer-open: pull the drawer open
def drawer_open(robot):
    # Steps:
    #  1. Put gripper above drawer handle
    #  2. Drop gripper around drawer handle
    #  3. Pull drawer open
    # First, put the gripper mostly above the drawer handle.
    if check("the robot's gripper is not almost vertically aligned with drawer handle"):
        robot.move_gripper("almost vertically aligned with the drawer handle", close_gripper=True)
    # As long as the gripper is almost lined up, closing it should line it up
    # all the way.
    if check("the robot's gripper is vertically aligned with drawer handle"):
        robot.move_gripper("left of the drawer handle")[eod] [code]# Generated by Django 3.1.7 on 2021-04-08 00:53

from django.conf import settings
from django.db import migrations, models
import django.db.models.deletion


class Migration(migrations.Migration):

    dependencies = [
        migrations.swappable_dependency(settings.AUTH_USER_MODEL),
        ('posts', '0001_initial'),
    ]

    operations = [
        migrations.CreateModel(
            name='Like',
            fields=[
                ('id', models.AutoField(auto_created=True, primary_key=True, serialize=False, verbose_name='ID')),
                ('liked', models.BooleanField(default=False)),
                ('post', models.ForeignKey(on_delete=django.db.models.deletion.CASCADE, to='posts.post')),
                ('user', models.ForeignKey