


"""


def reach_wall(robot):
    # Steps:
    #  1. Reach around the wall
    # We have an obstacle in the way, so we need to reach around it.
    # First, line the gripper up with the target
    if check("the robot's gripper is not vertically aligned with reach target"):
        robot.move_gripper("vertically aligned with the reach target")
    # Now, move the gripper above the short wall.
    if check("the robot's gripper is not above short wall and the robot's gripper is not vertically aligned with short wall"):
        robot.move_gripper("vertically aligned with short wall", close_gripper=True)
    # Now, we need to move the gripper over the short wall.
    if check("the robot's gripper is above short wall and the robot's gripper is above short wall"):
        robot.move_gripper("above short wall", close_gripper=True)
    # Now, we need to move the gripper closer to the target location.
    if check("the robot's gripper is vertically aligned with short wall and the robot's gripper is not near reach target"):
        robot.move_gripper("near the reach target")
[eod] [code]# coding: utf-8

"""
    Kubernetes

    No description provided (generated by Swagger Codegen https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)  # noqa: E501

    OpenAPI spec version: v1.10.6
    
    Generated by: https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen.git
"""


import pprint
import re  # noqa: F401


from aiokubernetes.models.v1_pod_template_spec import V1PodTemplateSpec  # noqa: F401,E501


class V1ReplicationControllerSpec(object):
    """NOTE: This class is auto generated by the swagger code generator program.

    Do not edit the class manually.
    """

    """
    Attributes:
      swagger_types (dict): The key is attribute name
                            and the value is attribute type.
      attribute_map (dict): The key is attribute name
                            and the value is json key in definition.
    """
    swagger_types = {
        'min_ready_seconds': 'int',
        'replicas'