

"""

# This function executes some random actions for you to see what it's like.
def run_random_policy(env):
    """
    Runs a random policy for the Sawyer robot task environment for a given number of steps.

    Args:
        env: An instance of the environment of the task.
    """
    # Set random seed for repeatability.
    env.seed(42)
    # Run the random policy.
    for i in range(10):
        env.reset()
        while True:
            action = env.action_space.sample()
            env.step(action)
            env.render()


# The environment is instantiated here.
env = window_open_env.WindowOpenEnv()


# The function below runs the random policy, so you can see how the task looks.
run_random_policy(env)


# Write your code here, and click run to test it.

# window-open: slide the window open to the left
def window_open(robot):
    # Steps:
    #  1. Put gripper left of the window handle
    #  2. Start pushing against the window handle to open the window
    #  3. Push the window open harder
    # If the the window handle is left of the robot's gripper, we should move the
    # gripper near the window handle to start pushing
    if check("the robot's gripper is in front of the window handle"):
        robot.move_gripper("right of the window handle")
    # If the robot's gripper is near the window handle we can probably slide the
    # window close now by moving the gripper right.
    if check("the window handle is left of the robot's gripper and the robot's gripper is not near the window handle"):
        robot.move_gripper("almost vertically aligned with the window handle")
    # If the robot's gripper is starting to be in front of the window handle,
    # push harder.
    if check("the robot's gripper is near the window handle"):
        robot.move_gripper("forward aligned with the window handle")
[eod] [code]# Generated by Django 2.2.3 on 2019-07-05 08:00

from django.db import migrations, models
import django.db.models.deletion


class Migration(migrations.Migration):

