

Then write a program using the robot instructions
- `drop()`,
- `put()`,
- `grab()`,
- `slide()`,
- `push()`,
- `pull()`,
- `reach()`,
- `close()`,
- `open()`,
- `place()`,
- `align()`,
and `insert()`
as well as the robot.
You may find the `check` function useful for testing that the robot is in
the correct position before continuing.


'''

# faucet-close: turn the faucet right
def faucet_close(robot):
    # Steps:
    #  1. Line up the gripper as viewed from above
    #  2. Push down on the faucet from the top
    # Because this is "topdown", we just need to line up the gripper from above.
    # Line up the robot's gripper from above.
    if check("the robot's gripper is not vertically aligned with faucet"):
        robot.put("gripper above faucet")
    # Now that the gripper is lined up, just push down on the faucet.
    if check("the robot's gripper is vertically aligned with faucet"):
        robot.push("down on faucet")

# faucet-open: turn the faucet left
def faucet_open(robot):
    # Steps:
    #  1. Line up the gripper as viewed from above
    #  2. Push down on the faucet from the top
    # Because this is "topdown", we just need to line up the gripper from above.
    # Line up the robot's gripper from above.
    if check("the robot's gripper is not vertically aligned with faucet"):
        robot.put("gripper above faucet")
    # Now that the gripper is lined up, just push down on the faucet.
    if check("the robot's gripper is vertically aligned with faucet"):
        robot.push("down on faucet")
'''


[eod] [code]# Generated by Django 2.1.5 on 2019-11-06 11:05

from django.db import migrations, models
import django.db.models.deletion


class Migration(migrations.Migration):

    initial = True

    dependencies = [
    ]

    operations = [
        migrations.CreateModel(
            name='Question',
            fields=[
                ('id'