

Steps:
  1. Put gripper above the puck
  2. Grab the puck with the gripper
  3. Lift the puck to the target location
`,
	"robot": newRobot(),
	// Timeout is in milliseconds.
	"timeout": 60000,
	"seed": 1,
	"successRate": 0, // Set to 1 to enable hard-coding the success rate.
}
[eod] [code]/*
Copyright The Kubeform Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
*/

// Code generated by client-gen. DO NOT EDIT.

package fake

import (
	"context"

	v1 "k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/apis/meta/v1"
	labels "k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/labels"
	schema "k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/runtime/schema"
	types "k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/types"
	watch "k8s.io/apimachinery/pkg/watch"
	testing "k8s.io/client-go/testing"
	v1alpha1 "kubeform.dev/kubeform/apis/azurerm/v1alpha1"
)

// FakeVirtualHubs implements VirtualHubInterface
type FakeVirtualHubs struct {
	Fake *FakeAzurermV1alpha1
	ns   string
}

var virtualhubsResource = schema.GroupVersionResource{Group: "azurerm.kubeform.com", Version: "v1alpha1", Resource: "virtualhubs"}

var virtualhubsKind = schema.GroupVersionKind{Group: "azurerm.kubeform.com", Version: "v1alpha1", Kind: "VirtualHub"}

// Get takes name of the virtualHub, and returns the corresponding virtualHub object, and an error if there is any.
func (c *FakeVirtualHubs) Get(ctx context.Context, name string, options v1.GetOptions) (result *v1alpha1.VirtualHub, err error) {
	obj, err := c.Fake.
		Invokes