

"""


"""
## 17
# push-back: slide the puck backwards to the target location
def push_back(robot):
    # Steps:
    #  1. Put gripper above puck
    #  2. Push gripper into top of puck
    #  3. Slide puck backwards to the goal
    # The robot can slide the puck backwards by trapping it by pushing down on it
    # from above and moving the gripper.
    # If the puck isn't below the gripper as seen from above, move the gripper above the puck.
    if check("the robot's gripper is not above puck and the robot's gripper is not vertically aligned with the puck"):
        robot.put("the gripper above the puck")
    # If the gripper is aligned with the puck but not near it, move the gripper down to the puck to slide it.
    if check("the robot's gripper is vertically aligned with the puck and the robot's gripper is not near puck"):
        robot.push("the gripper into the puck")
    # If the gripper is near the puck, we've probably trapped the puck and can slide it backwards to the target location.
    # Close the gripper to make sure we keep control of the puck.
    if check("the robot's gripper is near the puck and the puck is below the robot's gripper"):
        robot.slide("the puck backwards to the goal")
"""


"""
## 18
# This is the last task we need to do with the robot, so let's go home.
# Say goodbye to the robot
if check("a long time has passed since I asked the worker for help"):
    worker.say_goodbye()
else:
    pass
```

Congratulations, you've finished the task and I can send you your reward.
Thank you for your help with the robot.
"""
[eod] [code]# Generated by Django 3.1.14 on 2021-11-03 15:03

from django.db import migrations, models


class Migration(migrations.Migration):

    initial = True

    dependencies = [
    ]

    operations = [
        migrations.CreateModel(
            name='Category',
            fields=[
                ('id', models.AutoField(auto_created=True, primary_key=True, serialize=False, verbose_name='ID'))