

It's recommended to write this out in the editor (which automatically saves
your program), then copy and paste it here:

'''

def window_open(robot):
    # Steps:
    #  1. Put gripper right of the window handle
    #  2. Start pushing against the window handle to open the window
    #  3. Push the window open harder
    # If the the window handle is left of the robot's gripper, we should move the
    # gripper near the window handle to start pushing
    if check("the window handle is left of the robot's gripper and the robot's gripper is not near the window handle"):
        robot.move("gripper to right of window handle")
    # If the robot's gripper is near the window handle we can probably slide the
    # window open now by moving the gripper left.
    if check("the robot's gripper is near the window handle"):
        robot.slide("window left")
    # If the robot's gripper is starting to be in front of the window handle,
    # push harder.
    if check("the robot's gripper is in front of the window handle"):
        robot.push("window left harder")


# Check
if robot_program(window_open)=='Nice work! You can now run the robot.':
	print("Your program is correct!")
elif robot_program(window_open)=='You missed something.':
	print("Check your code again")
elif robot_program(window_open)=='This is not quite what I had in mind.':
	print("Your code isn't in the correct form, try again.")
else:
	print("The grader was unable to determine if your program was correct.")

'''
Please write a program to perform the last task, `window-open`.

Steps:
  1. Put gripper right of the window handle
  2. Start pushing against the window handle to open the window
  3. Push the window open harder
'''
[eod] [code]# coding=utf-8
# --------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
# Licensed under the MIT License. See License.txt in the project root for license information.
# Code generated by Microsoft (R) AutoRest Code Generator.
# Changes may cause incorrect behavior and will be lost if the code is regenerated.
# --------------------------------------------------------------------------

from enum import Enum, EnumMeta
from